OCaml is an implementation of the ML language, based on the Caml Light.
Firefox is an open source web browser from Mozilla.
Xcode is an IDE for macOS to develop software for macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS.
Unreal Engine is used to create awesome games, and experiences for PC, mobile, console, VR, and AR.
Flask is a web framework for Python based on the Werkzeug toolkit.
WordPlate is a modern WordPress stack built with Composer.
The Lounge is a modern web IRC client designed to be self-hosted.
Vim is a console-run text editor program.
ReactPHP is a library that allows event-driven, non-blocking I/O with PHP.
BASIC8 is an integrated Fantasy Computer for game, and other program development.
Universal standard for creating add-ons that allow users to customize their web browser.
An infrastructure-as-code tool for building, changing, and versioning infrastructure safely and efficiently.
Unity is a game engine used to create 2D/3D video games, and simulations for computers, consoles, and mobile devices.
Publishing is the dissemination of making information available to the general public through various mediums.
Contentful provides a content infrastructure that enables teams to power content in any digital product.
A database is a structured set of data held in a computer, usually a server.
The Raspberry Pi is a popular single-board computer.
PostgreSQL is an open source database system.
A cross-platform source code editor written in JavaScript and TypeScript.
A toolkit for creating metro-modern-style WPF applications.
Twitter is an online news and social networking service where users post and interact with messages, known as “Tweets”.
Probot lets you create GitHub Apps to automate and improve your workflow.
3D modeling is the process of virtually developing the surface and structure of a 3D object.
Deep Learning is an artificial neural network composed of many layers.
Node.js is a tool for executing JavaScript in a variety of environments.
Artificial neural network is a computational model based on the structure and functions of biological neural networks.
Documentation is a set of information that describes a product to its users.
TIC-80 is a fantasy computer for making, playing, and sharing tiny games.
Storybook is a UI development environment for your UI components.
Jekyll is a simple, blog-aware static site generator.
Data structures are a way of organizing and storing data.
Lisp is the second-oldest high-level programming language in widespread use today.
Docker is a platform built for developers to build and run applications.
macOS is Apple's operating system.
Discord is a free voice, video, and text chat app for teens and adults ages 13 and up.
Go is a programming language built to resemble a simplified version of the C programming language.
uPortal is an enterprise portal for education institutions.
Bootstrap is an HTML, CSS, and JavaScript framework.
Nim is a statically typed, compiled, garbage-collected systems programming language.
Privacy is the option to limit the access others have to one's personal information.
A distributed network for the Smart Economy.
Front end is the programming and layout that people see and interact with.
Gulp is a toolkit for automating and streamlining web development.
DuckDuckGo is an Internet search engine that prioritizes privacy by not tracking users.
WordPress is a popular content management system, used for websites and blogs.
React Native is a JavaScript mobile framework developed by Facebook.
Mastodon is a free, decentralized, open-source microblogging network.
Wagtail is an open source CMS written in Python and built on the Django web framework.
Python is a dynamically typed programming language.
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a language used most often to style and improve upon the appearance of views.
Clojure is a dynamic, general-purpose programming language.
NativeScript is a JavaScript-native mobile framework.
Less is the dynamic stylesheet language.
A framework is a reusable set of libraries or classes in software.
IPFS is a peer-to-peer protocol for content-addressed sharing of data via a distributed file system.
Software-defined networking (SDN) is an architecture for programmable, centrally managed networks.
Express is a minimal Node.js framework for web and mobile applications.
Elixir is a dynamic, functional language designed for building scalable and maintainable applications.
Cybersecurity is the protection of computer hardware, software, and data from theft, damage, and malicious intent.
A package manager is a set of tools that automates and manages computer software.
Atom is a open source text editor built with web technologies.
Azure is a cloud computing service created by Microsoft.
ANTLR takes as input a grammar that specifies a language and generates as output source code for a recognizer for that language.
Ludum Dare is one of the world's largest and longest running Game Jam events.
Homebridge is a utility for tying smart home devices together into Apple’s HomeKit framework, controlled by Siri.
Data visualization is the graphic representation of data and trends.
A shell is a command-line tool, designed to be run by the Unix shell.
Serverless architecture refers to apps that depend on third-party services or custom code.
Vagrant is an open-source software product for building and maintaining portable virtual software development environments.
Js13kGames is a month-long JavaScript coding competition, where entries are limited in file size to 13 kilobytes.
Markdown is a lightweight markup language.
A metalanguage resembling ECMAScript which can be transpiled into a variety of languages.
Game Off is an annual game jam celebrating open source.
LaTeX is a document preparation system.
Maven is a build automation tool used primarily for Java projects.
Asynchronous I/O for Lua.
Google LLC is an American multinational technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products.
Jupyter Notebooks are documents that contain live code, visualizations, and narrative text.
Yii is a fast, secure, and efficient PHP framework.
A tool for dependency management in PHP.
Perl is a highly capable and feature-rich programming language.
TypeScript is a typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript.
Project management is about building scope and executing on the project's goals.
Vue.js is a JavaScript framework for building interactive web applications.
Amp is a non-blocking concurrency framework for PHP.
Google Chrome Extensions are add-ons that allow users to customize their Chrome web browser.
Open Access research is available online for free.
Virtual reality is an artificial environment displayed through digital means.
Ratchet is a set of libraries to handle WebSockets asynchronously in PHP.
Rust is a systems programming language created by Mozilla.
Ensure your code meets quality standards and ship with confidence.
A web application is any computer program that performs a specific function by using a web browser as its client.
jQuery is a lightweight library that simplifies programming with JavaScript.
ReactiveUI is a composable, cross-platform model-view-viewmodel framework for all .NET platforms.
A cross-platform source code editor with a Python API.
Qt, pronounced "cute", is a cross-platform application development framework.
Pharo is an open source, dynamic and reflective programming language and live coding IDE.
R is a free programming language and software environment for statistical computing and graphics.
Homebrew is a package manager for macOS.
Emojis are graphic symbols that represent an emotion, object, or concept.
The terminal is an interface in which you can type and execute text-based commands.
Angular is an open source web application platform.
Java is an object-oriented programming language used mainly for desktop and mobile applications.
Fantasy consoles are small development environments that force users to work within constraints on graphics, sound, sprites, etc.
A server is a program made to process requests and deliver data to clients.
A library is a collection of resources, often created to make programming a task simpler.
HTML is the fundamental markup language for webpages.
A game engine is a software framework used to develop and create video games.
Kotlin is a statically typed programming language for multiplatform applications.
The GitHub API allows you to build applications that integrate with GitHub.
Crystal is a self-hosted, general purpose programming language.
A free and open source operating system for smartphones and tablet computers.
A CLI, or command-line interface, is a console that helps users issue commands to a program.
Algorithms are self-contained sequences that carry out a variety of tasks.
Haskell is a functional programming language with non-strict semantics, and strong static typing.
PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that works particularly well for server-side web development.
iOS is the operating system for Apple's mobile products.
MongoDB is a NoSQL cross-platform database.
Mongoose is a MongoDB object modeling tool designed to work in an asynchronous environment.
Emacs is an extensible, customizable, free text editor and computing environment.
Lua is a lightweight, embeddable scripting language.
A userscript is a kind of kind of lightweight browser extension, used to modify webpages.
XML is subset of SGML (Standard Generalized Markup Language) used to store and transport data.
Bash is a shell and command language interpreter for the GNU operating system.
Pixel Vision 8 is an open source fantasy game console for building authentic 8-bit games.
Tailwind is a utility-first CSS framework.
Gradle is an open-source build tool that helps teams build, automate and deliver better software, faster.
The Global Game Jam (GGJ) is the world's largest game jam event taking place around the world at physical locations.
.NET is a software framework developed by Microsoft.
Ansible is a simple and powerful automation engine.
Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency developed by Satoshi Nakamoto.
Web Components are a set of web platform APIs developers can use to create custom HTML tags.
Eliminate bugs and ship with more confidence by adding these tools to your workflow.
Webpack is a bundler that takes modules with dependencies and creates static assets.
Arduino is an open source hardware and software company and maker community.
Babel is a compiler for writing next generation JavaScript, today.
Robust content management that scales for enterprise needs.
Blockchains are distributed ledgers that can record transactions between parties in a verifiable and permanent way.
Algolia is a hosted search API for web and mobile applications.
Firebase is a mobile app development platform that provides data analysis and database web services for developers.
Perl 6 is an expressive and feature-rich programming language.
JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) allows for easy interchange of data, often between a program and a database.
OpenCV was designed for computational efficiency and with a strong focus on real-time applications.
Xamarin is a platform for developing iOS and Android applications.
Hacktoberfest is a month-long celebration of open source software.
WebAssembly is a web standard that defines a binary format and an assembly-like text format for executable code in Web pages.
PHPUnit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP.
LIKO-12 is an open source fantasy computer made using LÖVE.
Software providing website authoring, collaboration, and administration tools.
Computer vision tasks include methods for acquiring, processing, analyzing, and understanding digital images.
Get your team and customers the help they need.
Monero is a private, fungible, open source, decentralized cryptocurrency.
Scala is an object-oriented programming language.
HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is the standard for communication across the web.
Mobile apps, mobile OS, mobile databases, & mobile testing frameworks.
C++ is a general purpose and object-oriented programming language.
Swift is a modern programming language focused on safety, performance, and expressivity.
GraphQL is a query language for APIs and a runtime for fulfilling those queries with your existing data.
Artificial intelligence is the ability of a computer or machine to perform tasks commonly associated with intelligent beings.
Streamline your code deployment so you can focus on your product.
MATLAB is a programming platform for numerical computation and visualization.
Linux is an open source operating system.
SpaceVim is a community-driven distribution of the vim editor that allows managing your plugins in layers.
FIRST Tech Challenge (FTC) is a robotics competition for 7-12th graders where teams compete head-to-head in annual challenges.
Android is an operating system built by Google designed for mobile devices.
MySQL is an open source relational database management system.
Reflex FRP is a Haskell library for building interactive applications.
Chrome is a web browser from the tech company Google.
Telegram is a non-profit, cloud-based instant messaging service.
TensorFlow is an open source software library for numerical computation.
Progressive Web Apps are traditional web sites that are enhanced with native like features.
Peer-to-Peer applications are decentralized or distributed.
The open-source C/C++ package manager.
ECMAScript 6 is the sixth release of the ECMAScript language.
The .NET MVVM framework for cross-platform solutions, including Xamarin.iOS, Xamarin.Android, Windows, and Mac.
Secure and manage your third-party dependencies.
Natural language processing (NLP) is the study of how computers and humans interact.
A company that builds tools that make cloud computing as easy and accessible as mobile computing.
Ember is a framework for creating web applications.
Pixel art is a form of digital art where images are created and edited at the pixel level.
An API (Application Programming Interface) is a collection of protocols and subroutines for building software.
Firefox Extensions are add-ons that allow users to customize their web browser.
A bot is an application that runs automated tasks over the Internet.
TBOX is a glib-like cross-platform C library that is simple to use yet powerful in nature.
A cryptocurrency is a digital currency that uses cryptography.
C# (C sharp) is an object-oriented programming language by Microsoft.
Automate your code review with style, quality, security, and test‑coverage checks when you need them.
Icon fonts contain glyphs and symbols in place of textual letters.
Phaser is a fun, free, and fast 2D game framework for making HTML5 games for desktop and mobile web browsers.
Amazon Web Services provides on-demand cloud computing platforms on a subscription basis.
Julia is a high-level, high-performance dynamic programming language for numerical computing.
The pluggable linting utility for JavaScript and JSX.
xmake is a cross-platform build utility based on lua.
ActivityPub is an open, decentralized social networking protocol.
Symfony is a set of reusable PHP components and a web framework.
Open standards for declarative descriptions of tools and workflows.
A font is a particular style of typeface for text.
JavaScript is an object-oriented programming language used alongside HTML and CSS to give functionality to web pages.
Parsing is the process of analyzing a string of symbols conforming to the rules of a formal grammar.
Windows is Microsoft's GUI-based operating system.
PICO-8 is a fantasy console for making, sharing and playing tiny games and other computer programs in Lua.
Monitor the impact of your code changes. Measure performance, track errors, and analyze your application.
Google Cloud Platform, offered by Google, is a suite of cloud computing services.
Kubernetes is an open source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications.
Material design is a unified system of theory and tools for creating digital experiences developed by Google.
Machine learning is a way of modeling and interpreting data that allows a piece of software to respond intelligently.
Auth0 is an Identity-as-a-Service provider.
Electron is a framework for building cross-platform desktop applications with web technology.
Sass is a stable extension to classic CSS.
Minecraft is a sandbox video game.
A NoSQL database refers to a database whose storage format is modeled differently from relational databases.
Kerbal Space Program is space flight simulation game.
An emulator is any hardware or software that allows one computer to behave like another.
Django is a web application framework for Python.
C is a general purpose programming language that first appeared in 1972.
Redux is a predictable state container for JavaScript apps.
Ubuntu is a Linux-based operating system.
The D programming language is an object-oriented, imperative, multi-paradigm system programming language.
An operating system is a program that manages a computer's programs and applications.
ASP.NET is a web framework for building modern web apps and services.
React is an open source JavaScript library used for designing user interfaces.
Compilers are software that translate higher-level programming languages to lower-level languages (e.g. machine code).
Automatically build and test your code as you push it upstream, preventing bugs from being deployed to production.
An awesome list is a list of awesome things curated by the community.
OpenFin allows web applications to run as first-class citizens on the desktop.
Objective-C is general purpose, object-oriented programming language used for macOS and iOS operating systems.
Sketch is a vector graphics editor for Apple's macOS, used primarily for user interface and icon design.
npm is a package manager for JavaScript included with Node.js.
Ruby is a scripting language designed for simplified object-oriented programming.
scikit-learn is a Python module for machine learning.
Git is the most widely used version control system.
An advanced, multi-platform 2D and 3D open source game engine.
Translation of a software interface and messages to another language plus to work with local cultures.
A representational state transfer (REST) API is a way to provide compatibility between computer systems on the internet.
Laravel is a PHP framework.
Ajax is a technique for creating interactive web applications.
Ethereum is a distributed public blockchain network.
Digital image processing is the use of algorithms to make computers understand the image content.
Three.js allows the creation of Graphical Processing Unit (GPU)-accelerated 3D animations using JavaScript.
F-Droid is an installable catalogue of FOSS applications for the Android platform.
Ruby on Rails (Rails) is a web application framework written in Ruby.
OpenGL is a software interface that allows a programmer to communicate with graphics hardware.
Spring Boot is a coding and configuration model for Java applications.
Koa is an expressive middleware framework for Node.js servers that uses ES2017 async functions.
SQL is a standard language for storing, retrieving and manipulating data in databases.